custom RPC methods guide (#6279)
ethereum/web3.js: docs/docs/guides/web3_upgrade_guide/1.x/index.md

However, the approach to subscribing to Provider events remains the same, utilizing callbacks as explained in the [Providers Events Listening guide](../../web3_providers_guide/events_listening.md). It is important to note that Providers have undergone some breaking changes, including the renaming of the `on('close', ...)` to `on('disconnect', ...)`.

### Not Available

> -   [web3.extend](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/v1.7.3/web3.html#extend) function is not available in web3.js 4.x, instead of this for extending web3 functionality more powerful plugin feature is available. Follow [Add custom RPC methods guide](/guides/advanced/support_additional_rpc_methods/) for this new feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`web3.extend`](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/v1.7.3/web3.html#extend) function is not available in web3.js v4. Instead, for extending web3 functionality, a more powerful plugin feature is available. Follow the [Add custom RPC methods guide](/guides/advanced/support_additional_rpc_methods/) for this new feature.
```
